the m 894 in just four years left
in the market has managed to become a
hollow in what are the sneakers
fast and with response but well
cushioned with a weight of only 240
grams and an 8 millimeter drop in this
version offers us an average design
Sole totally different is
configured in studs in the piece the
measure alone is very segmented then
these studs make each other's striations
bending and have different materials
the average single is composed of reflex
what you see all orange is re plate and
these tacos here are for actor to
give more stability and above all more
cushioning
as you can see the upper is ultra light is
filled with heat-sealed and only allowed
seams at the base of the accordion was and
in the heel counter for
hold rather
The sole is very segmented to
adapt to the blocks that make up the
midsole of bloomberg in the part
front to make it a little bit more
comfortable and give us more grip and come '
during the back for
guarantee us the resistance and the
duration of this shoe the
we recommend for almost all neutrals
if you are a neutral weight runner
light or medium is going to serve you for a
lots of training days on
all for the training days
light workouts leave xseries a
little bit or a progressive if you're a
Higher weight runner will serve you
to compete will serve you to make a
10k to do a half marathon
Any case is a sneaker that
moves perfectly between 334 of 30 of
1,000 can go a little faster and
can go a little slower but good
in that range is where he would move
perfectly and you already know more information
here
the running goal puntocom